Deploy deterministic GnosisSafeWithoutProxy contracts on mainnets (#313)
api3dao/contracts: .changeset/tasty-points-mix.md

---
'@api3/contracts': major
---

> - Replace old GnosisSafeWithoutProxy deployments with deterministic contract deployments on mainnets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace GnosisSafeWithoutProxy deployments with deterministic ones on mainnets that they were deployed on non-deterministically
```
